<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

<h:head>


	<title><ui:insert name="title">Welcome Page</ui:insert></title>
	<link rel="stylesheet"
		href="/VibreWeb/resources/css/vibrationStyle.css" />
</h:head>


<h:body>
	<div id="loginBar"></div>
	<div id="transition" />
	<div id="wrapperHeader">
		<p:commandLink action="#{navigationController.homedirect()}">
			<h:graphicImage id="logo" value="/resources/images/vibrationLogo.png" />
		</p:commandLink>
		<div id="userLog">
			<h:form id="profileForm">
				<h:commandButton id="profileButton"
					value="#{userController.currentUser()}"
					action="#{userController.userPage()}" />
			</h:form>
			<h:graphicImage id="icon" value="/resources/images/loginIcon.png" />
		</div>

		<!-- foto's in map laden -->

		<h:form id="imageLoading">
			<h:inputHidden id="Json" value="#{locationController.locaties}" />
			<h:inputHidden id="idPass" />
			<h:inputHidden id="refresh" value="#{locationController.refresh}" />
			<h:commandLink id="passId" action="#{locationController.putFotoId()}">
				<f:ajax execute="@form" render="image" />
			</h:commandLink>
			<h:commandLink id="render"
				action="#{locationController.resetRender()}">
				<f:ajax execute="@form" render="image" />
			</h:commandLink>
			<h:commandLink id="dummy" action="#{locationController.dummy()}" />
		</h:form>



	</div>

	<div id="keuzeTabs">
		<h:form>
			<h:commandButton class="active-tab" value="home"
				action="#{navigationController.home()}" />
			<h:commandButton class="tab" value="Doorzoek projecten"
				action="#{navigationController.doorzoekProjecten()}" />
			<h:commandButton class="tab" value="Doorzoek gebruikers"
				action="#{navigationController.doorzoekUsers()}" />
			<h:commandButton class="tab" value="login"
				action="#{navigationController.loginPage()}" />
			<h:commandButton class="tab" value="Register"
				action="#{navigationController.register()}" />
		</h:form>
	</div>

	<div id="mainBody">
		<div id="tekst">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur
			adipiscing elit. Phasellus imperdiet, nulla et dictum interdum, nisi
			lorem egestas odio, vitae scelerisque enim ligula venenatis dolor.
			Maecenas nisl est, ultrices nec congue eget, auctor vitae massa.
			Fusce luctus vestibulum augue ut aliquet. Mauris ante ligula,
			facilisis sed ornare eu, lobortis in odio. Praesent convallis urna a
			lacus interdum ut hendrerit risus congue. Nunc sagittis dictum nisi,
			sed ullamcorper ipsum dignissim ac. In at libero sed nunc venenatis
			imperdiet sed ornare turpis. Donec vitae dui eget tellus gravida
			venenatis. Integer fringilla congue eros non fermentum. Sed dapibus
			pulvinar nibh tempor porta. Cras ac leo purus. Mauris quis diam
			velit.</div>

		<div id="mapWrapper">
			<div id="map"></div>
		</div>
	</div>

	<script type="text/javascript">
		var map;
		var messagewindow;
		var jsonString = document.getElementById("imageLoading:Json").value;
		var jsonObject = JSON.parse(jsonString);
		var refresh

		function resetRender() {
			document.getElementById("imageLoading:render").click();
		}

		function getId() {
			var id = document.getElementById("imageId").innerHTML;
			document.getElementById("imageLoading:idPass").value = id;
			document.getElementById("imageLoading:passId").click();
		}

		function refresh() {
			refresh = document.getElementById("imageLoading:refresh").value;
			if (refresh == 0) {
				document.getElementById("imageLoading:dummy").click();
				refresh = refresh + 1;
			}
		}

		function initMap() {
			map = new google.maps.Map(document.getElementById('map'), {
				center : {
					lat : 51.05879387,
					lng : 3.712971
				},
				zoom : 5
			});
			infowindow = new InfoBubble();
			var spotter = "/VibreWeb/resources/images/spointer.png"
			var stem = "/VibreWeb/resources/images/tointer.png"
			var marker, i;
			for (i in jsonObject) {
				marker = new google.maps.Marker({
					position : {
						lat : jsonObject[i]['lat'],
						lng : jsonObject[i]['lng']
					},
					icon : spotter,
					map : map,
					title : jsonObject[i]['adres'] + ' '
							+ jsonObject[i]['project titel']
				});
				var content = '<div id="markerInfo">'
						+ '<div id="imageId" style="display: none;">'
						+ jsonObject[i]['image id']
						+ '</div>'
						+ '<div id="projectInfo">'
						+ 'Locatie: '
						+ jsonObject[i]['naam']
						+ '<br/>'
						+ 'adres: '
						+ jsonObject[i]['adres']
						+ '<br/>'
						+ 'titel van project: '
						+ jsonObject[i]['project titel']
						+ '<br/>'
						+ 'eigenaar van project: '
						+ jsonObject[i]['eigenaar']
						+ '</div>'
						+ '<h:panelGroup id="image" layout="block" rendered="false"><p:graphicImage id="foto" value="#{userController.foto}"><f:param name="id" value="#{locationController.fotoId}" /></p:graphicImage></h:panelGroup>'
						+ '</div>';

				google.maps.event.addListener(marker, 'click', (function(
						marker, content, infowindow) {
					return function() {
						infowindow.setContent(content);
						infowindow.open(map, marker);
						getId();
						setTimeout(refresh(), 100);
					};

				})(marker, content, infowindow));
				google.maps.event.addListener(infowindow, 'closeclick',
						function() {
							resetRender();
						});
			}
		}
	</script>
	<script type="text/javascript"
		src="/VibreWeb/resources/javascript/infobubble.js"></script>
	<script async="async" defer="defer"
		src="https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key=AIzaSyCZa8pXLrcpSDOohFK4Uis5i0svJPoft_c&amp;callback=initMap"></script>

</h:body>

</html>
